Documentation for ResourcesEstimator (#348)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/quickstart.md

```

Our statistics for the first qubit haven't changed (50-50 chance of a 0 or a 1), but now when we measure the second qubit, it is __always__ the same as what we measured for the first qubit. Our `CNOT` has entangled the two qubits, so that whatever happens to one of them, happens to the other. If you reversed the measurements (did the second qubit before the first), the same thing would happen. The first measurement would be random and the second would be in lock step with whatever was discovered for the first.

## Estimating Resources

> Sometimes researchers are interested not in the actual execution of the quantum program, but need to get an estimation

Reviewer: I suggest splitting this into several sentences to make it more readable:
```suggestion
Sometimes the quantum program is impossible to simulate on a classical computer (for example, if it uses too many qubits). In this case the researchers need to get an estimate of how many resources (qubits or certain gates) the program will use when executed on a quantum computer.
```

> Some times researchers are interested not in the actual execution of the quantum program, but need to get an estimation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes researchers are interested not in the actual execution of the quantum program, but need to get an estimation
```

Reviewer: I would also clarify that this is typically not because the execution result is not interesting, but because it requires more qubits than can be classically simulated, so you can't get the result.

> of how many quantum resources the program will use. To do this, the Q# operation doesn't have to change, it only needs 

Reviewer: "We can do this without changing the Q# operation, but using a different target machine for executing it - ResourcesEstimator"

to change its target machine for execution to be an instance of `ResourcesEstimator` in the C# host code; 
for example, modify the code in the the __Driver.cs__ file to be:

```csharp
            var estimator = new ResourcesEstimator();
            BellTest.Run(estimator, 1000, Result.Zero).Wait();

            System.Console.WriteLine(estimator.ToTSV());
            
            System.Console.WriteLine("Press any key to continue...");
            Console.ReadKey();
```

This change indicates to run the `BellTest` operation using the `estimator` as the target machine. When completed,
we output the results to the console in TSV (tab-seperated values) format using the `ResourcesEstimator`'s `ToTSV()` method.
The output of the program is:

```Output
Metric          Sum
CNOT            1000
QubitClifford   1000
R               0
Measure         4002
T               0
Depth           0
Width           2
BorrowedWidth   0
```

> For more information about the metrics reported and how to access the data programmatically,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the metrics reported and accessing the data programmatically,
```

take a look at the [`ResourcesEstimator` documentation](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines.resources-estimator).

To learn more about the other type of simulators and target machines provided in the Quantum Development Kit, 

> how they work and how to use them, take a look at the [Managing Quantum machines and drivers topic](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines) in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take a look at the [Managing Quantum machines and drivers topic](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines) in the documentation.
```

> how they work and how to use them, take a look at the [Managing Quantum machines and drivers topic](xref:microsoft.quantum.machines) in the documentation.

Reviewer 2: These links are not displaying.
